Pip update for wheel issue #320 (#322)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/troubleshooting/installation-issues.md

```bash
$ rustup toolchain install stable
```

## Troubleshooting Python toolchain

When you install the Python Wheel package using pip on the "[client setup](../python#_1-iroha-2-client-setup)" step, you may encounter an error like:
"iroha_python-*.whl is not a supported wheel on this platform".

This error means that pip is outdated, so you need to update it.

> First of all, it is recommended to check your OS for updates and perform a system upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, it is recommended to check your OS for updates and perform a system upgrade.

::: info 

<details>
<summary> On Ubuntu <summary>

	# apt update && apt upgrade

</details>

<details>
<summary> On ArchLinux <summary>

	# pacman -Syu 

</details>

<details>
<summary> On MacOS <summary>

	$ brew upgrade

</details>

:::
```

If this doesn't work, you can try updating `pip` for your user directory.

`python -m pip install --upgrade pip`

> Make sure that `pip` that is installed in your home directory by running `whereis pip` and checking if `/home/username/.local/bin/pip` is among the paths. You may need to update your shell's `PATH` variable otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that this `pip` is the same `pip` that is installed in your home directory by running `type pip` and then double checking `whereis pip` to see if  `/home/`_username_`/.local/bin/pip` is among the paths. You may need to update your shell's `PATH` variable otherwise.
```

> Make sure that `pip` that is installed in your home directory by running `whereis pip` and checking if `/home/username/.local/bin/pip` is among the paths. You may need to update your shell's `PATH` variable otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure that `pip` that is installed in your home directory. To do this, run `whereis pip` and check if `/home/username/.local/bin/pip` is among the paths. If not, update your shell's `PATH` variable.
```

> If the issue persists, please [contact us](../support) and report the outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info
If the issue persists, please [contact us](../support) and report the outputs.
```
